Alt Manager automatically and dynamically bulk change WordPress images alt text and also generate empty values.

== Description ==
<p>Alt Manager automatically and dynamically bulk change WordPress images alt text and also generate empty values on your (Homepage - Pages - Posts - Blog )<strong>[Free Version]</strong> (Products - Shop page - Custom Post Type - Custom Post Type archive page)<strong>[Premium Version]</strong> separately to several dynamic related values, This plugin is a full solution for generating alt and title values.</p>
<p>If You are looking for an easy way to improve your website's accessibility and SEO? Look no further than Alt Manager WordPress Plugin! This powerful plugin makes it simple to add alt text to all of your images, helping search engines understand what your images are about and making your site more accessible to everyone.</p>
<p>This Plugin can significantly improve your website images SEO with the dynmamic values generated by the plugins settings. This plugin bulk changes images Alt and Title attributes immediately on your website front end, you don’t need to change image info on media library.</p>
<p>With Alt Manager WordPress Plugin, you can easily generate  alt text automatically using the plugin settings . You can also add custom attributes to each image, such as attachment image alt or caption, and set default those values for images alt text in the plugin settings page to be dynamically displayed on your (Homepage - Pages - Posts - Blog )<strong>[Free Version]</strong> (Products - Shop page - Custom Post Type - Custom Post Type archive page)<strong>)[Premium Version]</strong> </p>
<p><strong>But that's not all! Using Alt Manager WordPress Plugin also:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Improved accessibility: Dynamic Alt text helps visually impaired users understand what your images are about, making your site more accessible to everyone.</li>
<li>Enhanced SEO: Search engines can't read images, but they can read alt text. Adding dynamic alt text to your images can help improve your website SEO rankings and drive more traffic to your site.</li>
<li>Easy to use: Alt Manager WordPress Plugin is designed to be user-friendly and intuitive, even if you have no experience with coding or WordPress.</li>
<li>Customization options: Whether you want to use post values or image attachment info.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why Alt Manager?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Dynamically generate SEO friendly images alt and title. </li>
<li>Generate empty and missing images Alt and Title attributes .</li>
<li>Change both Alt and Title attributes.</li>
<li>Change featured images Alt and Title attributes.</li>
<li>Saves a lot of time by bulk changing images Alt and Title attributes. </li>
<li>Your original images is safe, changes affect Front-End only. </li>
<li>Improve Your WordPress Images SEO performance.</li>
<li>Improve Your Images SEO performance search engines.</li>
<li>Compatible with <a href="https://wpml.org/plugin/alt-manager/">WPML.</a></li>
</ul>
<blockquote>
<p><strong>Works like a charm</strong><br>
  It’s perfect, this is what I needed. Now my site SEO score is really high. Thank you!
<br>
(<a href="https://wordpress.org/support/topic/works-like-a-charm-1860/">lbazso</a>)</p>
</blockquote>
<blockquote>
<p><strong>Very useful plugin</strong><br>
 It does exactly what I was looking for.
<br>
(<a href="https://wordpress.org/support/topic/very-useful-plugin-1362/">xmartix</a>)</p>
</blockquote>
<p><strong>Why Images SEO performance on search engines?</strong></p>
<p>Images SEO performance is so important on search engines like Google images to bring traffic to your website as its shows your website images on related keywords.</p>
<p>Google Images uses alt text to connect images to the right keywords on Google images. also when your images come on a keyword at Google images it brings also the page URL where this images found.</p>
<p>That's why Alt Manager comes with dynamic related alt and title to give your website images the best performance on Google images and also to improve your website SEO performance on Google insights and other search engines.</p>
<p><strong>Plugin Features</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bulk generate images alt tags.</li>
<li>Bulk generate images title tags.</li>
<li>Generate only empty images alt tags.</li>
<li>Generate only empty title tags.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Alt And Title Supported Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Site Name.</li>
<li>Site Description.</li>
<li>Page Title.</li>
<li>Post Title.</li>
<li>Product Title.</li>
<li>Image Alt.</li>
<li>Image Name.</li>
<li>Image Caption.</li>
<li>Image Description.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Free Version Supported Types</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Homepage </li>
<li>Blog</li>
<li>Posts</li>
<li>Pages</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Premium Version Supported Types</strong></p>
<ul>
<li> Products</li>
<li> Shop page</li>
<li> Custom Post Type</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Got any issues:</strong></p>
<p>Dont hesitate to contact us via:</p>
<p><a href="https://wordpress.org/support/plugin/alt-manager/" >Plugin support forums</a> Or <a href="https://wpsaad.com/support/"><strong>Premium Version Support</strong></a></p>
<p>Also we provide <strong><a href="http://support.motkhases.com/" >a WordPress proffissonal support services</a></strong> with both free and premium plans.</p>

<p><strong><a href="https://wpsaad.com/alt-manager-wordpress-image-alt-text-plugin/" >Upgrade to premium Version</a></strong></p>

<h3>WPSAAD Free WordPress Plugins</h3>
<ul>
 	<li><a href="https://wordpress.org/plugins/alt-manager/">WordPress Images Alt Manager</a></li>
 	<li><a href="https://wordpress.org/plugins/custom-product-type-for-woocommerce/">WooCommerce Custom Produdct Type</a></li>
 	<li><a href="https://wordpress.org/plugins/shipping-manager-for-awoocommerce/">WooCommerce Shipping Manager</a></li>
</ul>
<h3>WPSAAD Pro WordPress Plugins</h3>
<ul>
 	<li><a href="https://wpsaad.com/alt-manager-wordpress-image-alt-text-plugin/">WordPress Images Alt Manager</a></li>
 	<li><a href="https://wpsaad.com/custom-product-type-for-woocommerce/">WooCommerce Custom Produdct Type</a></li>
 	<li><a href="https://wpsaad.com/shipping-manager-for-woocommerce/">WooCommerce Shipping Manager</a></li>
</ul>
